chore: react/vue tutorials and translations reworded (#283)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/react/en/conclusion.md

<br/>
[🌎 **Deployed Storybook**](https://clever-banach-415c03.netlify.com/)

> Storybook is a powerful tool React, React Native, Vue, Angular, Svelte and many others frameworks. It has a thriving developer community and a wealth of addons. This introduction scratches the surface of what’s possible. We’re confident that once you adopt Storybook, you’ll be impressed by how productive it is to build durable UIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook is a powerful tool for React, React Native, Vue, Angular, Svelte and many others frameworks. It has a thriving developer community and a wealth of addons. This introduction scratches the surface of what’s possible. We’re confident that once you adopt Storybook, you’ll be impressed by how productive it is to build durable UIs.
```

Author: @tmeasday i forgot to commit this. i had the change in play but forgot to add the file. Going to mark it as resolved per latest commit.

- [**Visual Testing Handbook**](https://www.chromaticqa.com/book/visual-testing-handbook) dives deep into using Storybook to visual test components. Free 31-page ebook.

> - [**Storybook Discord**](https://discord.gg/UUt2PJb) will put you in touch with the Storybook community. Not only offers a means to help you but for you to help the community also.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**Storybook Discord chat**](https://discord.gg/UUt2PJb) puts you in contact with the Storybook community. Get and give help to other Storybook users.
```

Author: @domyen marking this as solved per latest commit i just did

> - [**Storybook blog**](https://medium.com/storybookjs) where you'll read about the latest changes and some techniques to further improve your development workflows with Storybook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**Storybook blog**](https://medium.com/storybookjs) showcases the latest releases and features to streamline your UI development workflow.
```

Author: @domyen thank you for the suggestions. I struggled a bit with these 2 items, to better convey the message. But the change looks real nice simple , straight to the point

Author: @domyen marking this as solved per latest commit
